Whole campaign.
I think ends of levels should all have a tunnel slide at the end. Imo it plays very nicely with gish being a goo, having to slide in the sewers etc.

So, there are five worlds and 34 levels in total.

Worlds contemplations.

They should obviously be harder and harder as the game progresses.

New worlds should bring in entire concepts like ropes, moving blocks etc.

World 1. The player is new, so easy levels, no traps, maybe obviously placed secrets. Sliding blocks. Mobs should be present because of the boss fight at the end.
World 2. Introducing some parkour, maybe puzzles, some hazards like spikes and water. Throwing blocks. No lava yet. (Just like in the original game)
World 3. Harder parkour, maybe with cyclic timings. Lava. Traps. 
World 4. Long levels with hard parkour. Hoards of enemies.
World 5. Vertical movement. Gimmicky levels, should be especially clever.


World 1.
Level 1. Tutorial with helper areas (!!).
"Press the '/s' key to slide down the hole."
"Switches and buttons sometimes open doors."
"Press the '/s' key to stick to the wall.  Press the '/s' key to begin climbing"
"Press the '/s' key to jump. Gish jumps best when he is" the most compressed, bouncing up and down will help you get higher and higher."
"Press the '/s' key to break these blocks."
"Press the '/s' key to stick to the wall.  Press the '/s' and '/s' keys to climb. If you are stuck to the floor, quickly release and then press the stick key"
Introduction to physics objects (boxes)


Level 2.
Introduction to switches
Introduction to nibblers
Very low platforms
Interaction with physics objects (rolling a ball into a pit)

Level 3.
Introduction to water
Introduction to spikes
Zombie enemy intro
Moving block onto a button

TODO: Warp secret to three locations

Level 4.
Chains
More wall climbing
Slidey trapdoor
Platform which shoots up

TODO: Warpzone to 4-3
1-up in a secret

Level 5
Sliding wall climbing
Taking block from the bottom of the pool
Enemy trap
Multistage buttons

Level 6
boss battle

Level 7
Cart ride

Cool swing
Pulley door